docs: suggestions from review (#106)
aragon/connect: docs/api-reference/app.md

| `contentUri` | `String` | The location of the metadata content published with each version of the app. Empty for special apps like the kernel. E.g. `"ipfs:QmdLEDDfi…"` |
| `contractPath` | `String` | Path of the contract in the metadata content. E.g. `"contracts/TokenManager.sol"` |
| `description` | `String` | App description, from the repository. E.g. `"Manage an organization’s token supply and distribution."`. |
| `deprecatedIntents` | `{ [version]: TransactionIntent[] }` | Deprecated transaction intents, grouped by version. |
| `icons` | `{ src: String, sizes: String }[]` | Array of icons for the app \(follows the web app manifest `icons` format\). |
| `intents` | `TransactionIntent[]` | An array of transaction intents. It contains the Ethereum ABI, roles, and radspec notice attached to an intent. |
| `isForwarder` | `Boolean` | Whether the app can act as a forwarder. |
| `isUpgradeable` | `Boolean` | Whether the app can be upgraded. |
| `kernelAddress` | `String` | The address of the kernel this app is installed on. |
| `name` | `String` | Name of the app, from the repository. E.g. `"Tokens"`. |

> | `registryAddress` | `String` | Address of the aragonPM registry this app's repo is published to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `registryAddress` | `String` | Address of the aragonPM registry this app’s repo is published to. |
```

> | `registry` | `String` | Name of the aragonPM registry this app's repo is published to. E.g. `"aragonpm.eth"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `registry` | `String` | Name of the aragonPM registry this app’s repo is published to. E.g. `"aragonpm.eth"` |
```

| `repoAddress` | `String` | Address of the aragonPM repository the app was installed from. |

> | `sourceUrl` | `String` | URL of the app's source code. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sourceUrl` | `String` | URL of the app’s source code. |
```

| `version` | `String` | The current version of the app. |

## Methods

### App\#repo\(\)

> Fetch the app's aragonPM repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the app’s aragonPM repository.
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | returns | `Promise<Repo>` | A promise resolving to the app's aragonPM repository. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| returns | `Promise<Repo>` | A promise resolving to the app’s aragonPM repository. |
```

### App\#roles\(\)

> Fetch the app's roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the app’s roles.
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | returns | `Promise<Role[]>` | A promise resolving to the app's roles. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| returns | `Promise<Role[]>` | A promise resolving to the app’s roles. |
```
